Kai Yama is an enemy living
Today's content is a bit open compared with the content but
We want to introduce product of 2 judgment and fork in arrival hall
Ah ah ah ah
So immediately
And bars in
funny
Kyou is- oh ah ah
abo 2 j rice is wrapped in the court of the Internet line
About 30 minutes after car
And since it's also present
Mushrooms after lunch
Junior high school if it is easier to meet first time here yesterday
Follow
If you die from the middle of the scene
I think I will come to the tournament
Nowadays a little ー and 3 隻 are too bad
Is there a 8-resistant per today
Oh
Ah ah ah ah
It's a secluded sea but hey fast width building Eh
Is me going
Entered was
It did exhibit the Shinapai to your Keisha today
Ira
Deck party reaction
none
are you do
Hmm
In this time
It is NES of hula 2 skin
Well overworked with background cards behind
The other I do not know whether
It is the first Rayleigh of what is called the magic book of zodiac green mo
20 We now brother yen
In eight first of the dual Samon 3 this was super-wanted
3 sheets of Aso
I use for madolce
After you have a ship , use the ship's English version with g
And it seems that the address Kannon and the address which I took in the main and reflected
Do not see
It should not be visible
Thank you
I think if you want Lou
It is a play mat
I think that I was a stern as it was today's great defeat
Maybe you
From the background 写 I want to pull a little more on the floor and copy
Ha
Ah ah ah ah
So okay parentheses
8 is a ne
It is Madoon Airy This Tsu now
Just to the left reunion recently
It's a new guy
It 's great if you make a deck for the company and use it for this play
This time it is just a cheap thing for a short frame
Thank you for watching so far I want to finish this time
So end